Hello, freak bitches.
We are already almost three hours into this,
so we haven't talked about Hitler.
Oh my goodness. Well, we kind of have kind of have,
but let me just, uh,
do you want to lay out your argument about Hitler and then I'll respond to it?
And, uh.
Um, I don't know if I do want to, I mean,
I think I actually think that I should stop because I'm kind of at the limits of
I'm at the point where the probability that I will say something stupid is
starting to increase.
And I would rather not because just saying the things that I'm trying to say,
that aren't stupid.
Yes. This isn't the topic where you want to make that kind of air.
Say maybe is there a more charged subject?
It's funny that it's charged because as you point out,
we're pretty much all in agreement about it, right?
Yeah. I mean, you find someone who's not,
and they're instantly ostracized from society, right? I mean,
anybody who has an argument about Gingiss con I mean,
there's a really fascinating take on this by Dan Carlin from hardcore history
where he's talking about the amount of time that has passed since a horrible
atrocity and that there are people that will argue that Gingiss Khan who killed
10% of the world's population changed things so badly that it literally lowered
the carbon footprint of the human race while he was alive,
killed some untold number of millions of people and was responsible for their
deaths.
People look up to him and they find all sorts of positive things to attribute to
his reign, uh, opening up trade with China, opening up trade routes, all the,
all these different things that people have attributed to him.
And that some day someone may do the same thing about
Adolf Hitler right now. Well is impossible. He.
Yeah, he's certainly made, um,
that job very difficult with all of the documentation, especially the films.
But, um, but let's just say, uh, the argument that I want to love,
I want to be really careful to do this so that it can't be misinterpreted by.
Anybody there I'm going to, I'm going to enjoy watching this. Okay.
If I'm cornered we'll.
[Inaudible].
Okay. So my argument from all those years ago in my, uh,
my paper that I was did for Bob Trevor's that I mentioned at the beginning was
that Hitler was a monster, as we all know,
but he was a rational monster that the program that he deployed
was not what he said, mind you,
what he said was wrong in many places, especially where it gets near Darwinism.
It's just all tangled and broken.
But what he did was a rational from the point of
view of, uh,
increasing the amount of resource that was, um,
dedicated to producing members of his population.
And so my point is, this is the danger that we in.
If we allow ourselves to imagine, um,
that genocidal impulses are, uh,
more or less gone from the world, because we've all assumed,
we've all agreed that they're a bad thing.
And the point is that they exist in a, in a latent program.
And at a point when you have, um,
austerity as a result of, uh, usually a, uh,
an opportunity that has run its course and has resulted in the population
growing to fill that opportunity.
And suddenly there's nowhere to go because the opportunity has all been
absorbed. The tendency of people is to figure out who,
what other population is weak. And if that population is across a border,
then there's some excuse for war. And if the population is within the border,
then it's a genocide. But the point is that is an ever present danger for us.
Clarify one thing. I mean,
cause this argument was sort of phrased as we have a disagreement about Hitler.
And I would like to point out that I don't actually disagree with anything that
you just said, because if I remain relatively silent,
I don't want to be seen,
I don't want it to be seen that the fact that I'm disagreeing with you means,
or that there is a disagreement means that it's a disagreement about any of
that. I think the disagreement was something, like I said,
that Hitler was even more evil than we thought he was. And you, I think,
correct me if I'm wrong,
you're pointing out the danger of assuming that you can put Hitler in a,
he was just a monster box and don't think about it anymore. And I would say,
I agree, absolutely with that. I mean,
I've studied Hitler a lot and there's a bunch of things that you can't say about
him. You can't say he was stupid, right?
You can't say he was without artistic talent.
You can't say that he was a poor organizer.
You can't say that he wasn't charismatic.
You can't say that he did wonders for eco Germany's economy in the first part of
his reign. And, and,
and so it's very necessary when you're,
if you're dealing intelligently with a true monster that you give the devil his
due.
Yeah. Uh,
so I think the thing that I saw in your video was your argument was that
as he was losing, instead of, um,
putting the genocide on pause and, uh.
Winning.
And winning the warning that he H he ratcheted it up the Genesis.
Yeah. I don't know if it would really be,
I don't think it's necessarily fair to say that it was him that did that.
Although I think he had a hand and it does appear to me that that's what
happened.
Right. And my, my point would simply be, and again, there,
I couldn't possibly be less sympathetic with the individual.
My point is simply that from an evolutionary point of view,
if your objective is coldly to increase the number of genomes that are spelled
the same way that yours are on earth, that a,
he did enslave those Jews who were most fit to work in
service of the German war machine. Right. That's what those camps are.
Not all of the camps were work camps, but, you know, Auschwitz for example,
was both a work camp and a death camp. And so there was this, uh,
tendency to enslave. And so let me ask you.
Question about this because, you know,
I think you have to make a pretty tenuous biological argument to say that
there's evolutionary utility in increasing the number of your kinsmen,
but unless they're very close, but, but here's a slight variation of that.
You tell me what you think about this.
Is it reasonable to presume that a decent survival strategy
is to homogenize your environment with regards to under some conditions to
homogenize your,
your environment with regards to racial or ethnic differences to decrease the
probability that you and yours are going to be killed?
Oh yeah. Again, no defense of this, but you are right. That,
to the extent that there's another population that's distinct that,
that population,
even if it is small and has little power now might not be small and have little
power later. And so undoubtedly that program is there too. Um,
but I would say that the,
the tendency to believe that evolution only functions at the level of kin when
you're talking about very close relatives, I believe is an error.
That is the result of the fact that evolutionists early on wished to
operationalize fitness.
And it's very hard to operationalize fitness across population level
differences. And so they built a definition that is about immediate kin,
but there's no logical reason to imagine that that Peters out at
the edge. Okay. Okay.
So all I'm arguing is that what Hitler did was
go after a population inside his border,
that was more distantly related to the people who were his constituents.
And then he went obviously after Eastern Europe and sought the future of
Germany in Russia. And it took 12 million, uh,
Russians to turnaround the German war machine. I mean,
those are military deaths. There were vastly more civilian deaths, but, um,
but the point is he did not succeed in doing what he set out to
do,
but he also didn't fail in the sense that he took a bunch
of resources that belong to a population that was more distantly related. And,
um, he got rid of those people.
And by getting rid of them increase the amount of resource that was available to
Ariens. This has nothing to do.
Genes are not interested in figuring out which genes are superior.
All of the language about German superiority is nonsense. However,
genes are very interested. I mean, they're obviously genes. They don't think,
but they act as if they are interested in replacing alternative spelling.
Okay. And so part of the reason that you're walking through this,
just so that this,
the track of this remains self-evident is to caution people
against, to,
to alert people to the fact that the sorts of programs that Hitler,
both ran and elicited from people are lurking in our,
let's say in our genome, in our, in our set of biological possibilities.
And we have to be very awake to that fact on an ongoing basis.
Lurking in our genomes,
which does not mean that we as adults have this as a possibility,
many people will not go along with this other people,
have it lurking to be triggered.